Datapoints:
energy-battery-1-level        get    
energy-battery-2-level        get    
energy-battery-3-level        get    
energy-fuel-1-input           get    
energy-fuel-1-level           get    
energy-fuel-2-input           get    
energy-fuel-2-level           get    
energy-generator-1-primed     get set
energy-generator-1-production get    
energy-generator-1-state      get set
energy-generator-2-primed     get set
energy-generator-2-production get    
energy-generator-2-state      get set
energy-grid-state             get    
energy-gridstable-state       get    
energy-mux-energy             get    
energy-mux-select             get set
energy-panel-production       get    
environment-cloudiness        get    
environment-light             get    
environment-occupancy         get    
environment-rain              get    
environment-time              get    
environment.temp              get    
floor-0-room-0-light          get    
floor-0-room-0.temp           get    
floor-0-room-1-light          get    
floor-0-room-1.temp           get    
floor-0-room-2-light          get    
floor-0-room-2.temp           get    
floor-0-room-3-light          get    
floor-0-room-3.temp           get    
floor-0-room-4-light          get    
floor-0-room-4.temp           get    
floor-0-room-5-light          get    
floor-0-room-5.temp           get    
floor-0-room-6-light          get    
floor-0-room-6.temp           get    
floor-1-room-10-light         get    
floor-1-room-10.temp          get    
floor-1-room-11-light         get    
floor-1-room-11.temp          get    
floor-1-room-12-light         get    
floor-1-room-12.temp          get    
floor-1-room-13-light         get    
floor-1-room-13.temp          get    
floor-1-room-7-light          get    
floor-1-room-7.temp           get    
floor-1-room-8-light          get    
floor-1-room-8.temp           get    
floor-1-room-9-light          get    
floor-1-room-9.temp           get    
floor-2-room-14-light         get    
floor-2-room-14.temp          get    
floor-2-room-15-light         get    
floor-2-room-15.temp          get    
floor-2-room-16-light         get    
floor-2-room-16.temp          get    
floor-2-room-17-light         get    
floor-2-room-17.temp          get    
floor-2-room-18-light         get    
floor-2-room-18.temp          get    
floor-2-room-19-light         get    
floor-2-room-19.temp          get    
floor-2-room-20-light         get    
floor-2-room-20.temp          get    
hydro-bassin-input            get    
hydro-bassin-level            get    
hydro-consumption             get    
hydro-mains-state             get set
hydro-mux-accepted            get    
hydro-mux-select              get set
hydro-rain-production         get    
hydro-tap-production          get    
hydro-tap-state               get set
room-0-ac-0-gain              get set
room-0-ac-0-production        get    
room-0-ac-0-state             get    
room-0-blind-0-setpoint       get set
room-0-blind-0-value          get set
room-0-blind-1-setpoint       get set
room-0-blind-1-value          get set
room-0-heater-0-gain          get set
room-0-heater-0-production    get    
room-0-heater-0-state         get    
room-0-light-0-gain           get set
room-0-light-0-production     get    
room-0-light-0-state          get    
room-0-light-1-gain           get set
room-0-light-1-production     get    
room-0-light-1-state          get    
room-1-ac-1-gain              get set
room-1-ac-1-production        get    
room-1-ac-1-state             get    
room-1-blind-2-setpoint       get set
room-1-blind-2-value          get set
room-1-blind-3-setpoint       get set
room-1-blind-3-value          get set
room-1-heater-1-gain          get set
room-1-heater-1-production    get    
room-1-heater-1-state         get    
room-1-light-2-gain           get set
room-1-light-2-production     get    
room-1-light-2-state          get    
room-1-light-3-gain           get set
room-1-light-3-production     get    
room-1-light-3-state          get    
room-10-ac-10-gain            get set
room-10-ac-10-production      get    
room-10-ac-10-state           get    
room-10-blind-16-setpoint     get set
room-10-blind-16-value        get set
room-10-blind-17-setpoint     get set
room-10-blind-17-value        get set
room-10-heater-10-gain        get set
room-10-heater-10-production  get    
room-10-heater-10-state       get    
room-10-light-23-gain         get set
room-10-light-23-production   get    
room-10-light-23-state        get    
room-10-light-24-gain         get set
room-10-light-24-production   get    
room-10-light-24-state        get    
room-11-ac-11-gain            get set
room-11-ac-11-production      get    
room-11-ac-11-state           get    
room-11-blind-18-setpoint     get set
room-11-blind-18-value        get set
room-11-blind-19-setpoint     get set
room-11-blind-19-value        get set
room-11-heater-11-gain        get set
room-11-heater-11-production  get    
room-11-heater-11-state       get    
room-11-light-25-gain         get set
room-11-light-25-production   get    
room-11-light-25-state        get    
room-11-light-26-gain         get set
room-11-light-26-production   get    
room-11-light-26-state        get    
room-12-light-27-gain         get set
room-12-light-27-production   get    
room-12-light-27-state        get    
room-12-light-28-gain         get set
room-12-light-28-production   get    
room-12-light-28-state        get    
room-13-ac-12-gain            get set
room-13-ac-12-production      get    
room-13-ac-12-state           get    
room-13-ac-13-gain            get set
room-13-ac-13-production      get    
room-13-ac-13-state           get    
room-13-heater-12-gain        get set
room-13-heater-12-production  get    
room-13-heater-12-state       get    
room-13-heater-13-gain        get set
room-13-heater-13-production  get    
room-13-heater-13-state       get    
room-13-light-29-gain         get set
room-13-light-29-production   get    
room-13-light-29-state        get    
room-13-light-30-gain         get set
room-13-light-30-production   get    
room-13-light-30-state        get    
room-13-light-31-gain         get set
room-13-light-31-production   get    
room-13-light-31-state        get    
room-13-light-32-gain         get set
room-13-light-32-production   get    
room-13-light-32-state        get    
room-13-light-33-gain         get set
room-13-light-33-production   get    
room-13-light-33-state        get    
room-14-ac-14-gain            get set
room-14-ac-14-production      get    
room-14-ac-14-state           get    
room-14-blind-20-setpoint     get set
room-14-blind-20-value        get set
room-14-blind-21-setpoint     get set
room-14-blind-21-value        get set
room-14-heater-14-gain        get set
room-14-heater-14-production  get    
room-14-heater-14-state       get    
room-14-light-34-gain         get set
room-14-light-34-production   get    
room-14-light-34-state        get    
room-14-light-35-gain         get set
room-14-light-35-production   get    
room-14-light-35-state        get    
room-15-ac-15-gain            get set
room-15-ac-15-production      get    
room-15-ac-15-state           get    
room-15-blind-22-setpoint     get set
room-15-blind-22-value        get set
room-15-blind-23-setpoint     get set
room-15-blind-23-value        get set
room-15-heater-15-gain        get set
room-15-heater-15-production  get    
room-15-heater-15-state       get    
room-15-light-36-gain         get set
room-15-light-36-production   get    
room-15-light-36-state        get    
room-15-light-37-gain         get set
room-15-light-37-production   get    
room-15-light-37-state        get    
room-16-ac-16-gain            get set
room-16-ac-16-production      get    
room-16-ac-16-state           get    
room-16-blind-24-setpoint     get set
room-16-blind-24-value        get set
room-16-blind-25-setpoint     get set
room-16-blind-25-value        get set
room-16-heater-16-gain        get set
room-16-heater-16-production  get    
room-16-heater-16-state       get    
room-16-light-38-gain         get set
room-16-light-38-production   get    
room-16-light-38-state        get    
room-16-light-39-gain         get set
room-16-light-39-production   get    
room-16-light-39-state        get    
room-17-ac-17-gain            get set
room-17-ac-17-production      get    
room-17-ac-17-state           get    
room-17-blind-26-setpoint     get set
room-17-blind-26-value        get set
room-17-blind-27-setpoint     get set
room-17-blind-27-value        get set
room-17-heater-17-gain        get set
room-17-heater-17-production  get    
room-17-heater-17-state       get    
room-17-light-40-gain         get set
room-17-light-40-production   get    
room-17-light-40-state        get    
room-17-light-41-gain         get set
room-17-light-41-production   get    
room-17-light-41-state        get    
room-18-ac-18-gain            get set
room-18-ac-18-production      get    
room-18-ac-18-state           get    
room-18-blind-28-setpoint     get set
room-18-blind-28-value        get set
room-18-blind-29-setpoint     get set
room-18-blind-29-value        get set
room-18-heater-18-gain        get set
room-18-heater-18-production  get    
room-18-heater-18-state       get    
room-18-light-42-gain         get set
room-18-light-42-production   get    
room-18-light-42-state        get    
room-18-light-43-gain         get set
room-18-light-43-production   get    
room-18-light-43-state        get    
room-19-light-44-gain         get set
room-19-light-44-production   get    
room-19-light-44-state        get    
room-19-light-45-gain         get set
room-19-light-45-production   get    
room-19-light-45-state        get    
room-2-ac-2-gain              get set
room-2-ac-2-production        get    
room-2-ac-2-state             get    
room-2-blind-4-setpoint       get set
room-2-blind-4-value          get set
room-2-blind-5-setpoint       get set
room-2-blind-5-value          get set
room-2-heater-2-gain          get set
room-2-heater-2-production    get    
room-2-heater-2-state         get    
room-2-light-4-gain           get set
  270 room-2-light-4-production     get    
  271 room-2-light-4-state          get    
  272 room-2-light-5-gain           get set
  273 room-2-light-5-production     get    
  274 room-2-light-5-state          get    
  275 room-20-ac-19-gain            get set
  276 room-20-ac-19-production      get    
  277 room-20-ac-19-state           get    
  278 room-20-ac-20-gain            get set
  279 room-20-ac-20-production      get    
  280 room-20-ac-20-state           get    
  281 room-20-heater-19-gain        get set
  282 room-20-heater-19-production  get    
  283 room-20-heater-19-state       get    
  284 room-20-heater-20-gain        get set
  285 room-20-heater-20-production  get    
  286 room-20-heater-20-state       get    
  287 room-20-light-46-gain         get set
  288 room-20-light-46-production   get    
  289 room-20-light-46-state        get    
  290 room-20-light-47-gain         get set
  291 room-20-light-47-production   get    
  292 room-20-light-47-state        get    
  293 room-20-light-48-gain         get set
  294 room-20-light-48-production   get    
  295 room-20-light-48-state        get    
  296 room-20-light-49-gain         get set
  297 room-20-light-49-production   get    
  298 room-20-light-49-state        get    
  299 room-20-light-50-gain         get set
  300 room-20-light-50-production   get    
  301 room-20-light-50-state        get    
  302 room-3-ac-3-gain              get set
  303 room-3-ac-3-production        get    
  304 room-3-ac-3-state             get    
  305 room-3-blind-6-setpoint       get set
  306 room-3-blind-6-value          get set
  307 room-3-blind-7-setpoint       get set
  308 room-3-blind-7-value          get set
  309 room-3-heater-3-gain          get set
  310 room-3-heater-3-production    get    
  311 room-3-heater-3-state         get    
  312 room-3-light-6-gain           get set
  313 room-3-light-6-production     get    
  314 room-3-light-6-state          get    
  315 room-3-light-7-gain           get set
  316 room-3-light-7-production     get    
  317 room-3-light-7-state          get    
  318 room-4-ac-4-gain              get set
  319 room-4-ac-4-production        get    
  320 room-4-ac-4-state             get    
  321 room-4-blind-8-setpoint       get set
  322 room-4-blind-8-value          get set
  323 room-4-blind-9-setpoint       get set
  324 room-4-blind-9-value          get set
  325 room-4-heater-4-gain          get set
  326 room-4-heater-4-production    get    
  327 room-4-heater-4-state         get    
  328 room-4-light-8-gain           get set
  329 room-4-light-8-production     get    
  330 room-4-light-8-state          get    
  331 room-4-light-9-gain           get set
  332 room-4-light-9-production     get    
  333 room-4-light-9-state          get    
  334 room-5-light-10-gain          get set
  335 room-5-light-10-production    get    
  336 room-5-light-10-state         get    
  337 room-5-light-11-gain          get set
  338 room-5-light-11-production    get    
  339 room-5-light-11-state         get    
  340 room-6-ac-5-gain              get set
  341 room-6-ac-5-production        get    
  342 room-6-ac-5-state             get    
  343 room-6-ac-6-gain              get set
  344 room-6-ac-6-production        get    
  345 room-6-ac-6-state             get    
  346 room-6-heater-5-gain          get set
  347 room-6-heater-5-production    get    
  348 room-6-heater-5-state         get    
  349 room-6-heater-6-gain          get set
  350 room-6-heater-6-production    get    
  351 room-6-heater-6-state         get    
  352 room-6-light-12-gain          get set
  353 room-6-light-12-production    get    
  354 room-6-light-12-state         get    
  355 room-6-light-13-gain          get set
  356 room-6-light-13-production    get    
  357 room-6-light-13-state         get    
  358 room-6-light-14-gain          get set
  359 room-6-light-14-production    get    
  360 room-6-light-14-state         get    
  361 room-6-light-15-gain          get set
  362 room-6-light-15-production    get    
  363 room-6-light-15-state         get    
  364 room-6-light-16-gain          get set
  365 room-6-light-16-production    get    
  366 room-6-light-16-state         get    
  367 room-7-ac-7-gain              get set
  368 room-7-ac-7-production        get    
  369 room-7-ac-7-state             get    
  370 room-7-blind-10-setpoint      get set
  371 room-7-blind-10-value         get set
  372 room-7-blind-11-setpoint      get set
  373 room-7-blind-11-value         get set
  374 room-7-heater-7-gain          get set
  375 room-7-heater-7-production    get    
  376 room-7-heater-7-state         get    
  377 room-7-light-17-gain          get set
  378 room-7-light-17-production    get    
  379 room-7-light-17-state         get    
  380 room-7-light-18-gain          get set
  381 room-7-light-18-production    get    
  382 room-7-light-18-state         get    
  383 room-8-ac-8-gain              get set
  384 room-8-ac-8-production        get    
  385 room-8-ac-8-state             get    
  386 room-8-blind-12-setpoint      get set
  387 room-8-blind-12-value         get set
  388 room-8-blind-13-setpoint      get set
  389 room-8-blind-13-value         get set
  390 room-8-heater-8-gain          get set
  391 room-8-heater-8-production    get    
  392 room-8-heater-8-state         get    
  393 room-8-light-19-gain          get set
  394 room-8-light-19-production    get    
  395 room-8-light-19-state         get    
  396 room-8-light-20-gain          get set
  397 room-8-light-20-production    get    
  398 room-8-light-20-state         get    
  399 room-9-ac-9-gain              get set
  400 room-9-ac-9-production        get    
  401 room-9-ac-9-state             get    
  402 room-9-blind-14-setpoint      get set
  403 room-9-blind-14-value         get set
  404 room-9-blind-15-setpoint      get set
  405 room-9-blind-15-value         get set
  406 room-9-heater-9-gain          get set
  407 room-9-heater-9-production    get    
  408 room-9-heater-9-state         get    
  409 room-9-light-21-gain          get set
  410 room-9-light-21-production    get    
  411 room-9-light-21-state         get    
  412 room-9-light-22-gain          get set
  413 room-9-light-22-production    get    
  414 room-9-light-22-state         get    
